fix(console,phrases): api resource indicator should be a valid absolute uri (#5561)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/hungry-dodos-do.md

---
"@logto/console": patch
"@logto/phrases": patch
---

> api resource indicator must be a valid absolute uri. we don't mark it as a breaking change as the api behavior has not changed, only adding the check on console ui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api resource indicator must be a valid absolute uri

An invalid indicator will make Console crash without this check.

Note: We don't mark it as a breaking change as the api behavior has not changed, only adding the check on Console.
```

---
"@logto/console": patch
"@logto/phrases": patch

> "@logto/core": patch

Reviewer: should remove

Author: ah, yes

---

> fix: api resource indicator must be a valid absolute uri.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api resource indicator must be a valid absolute uri. we don't mark it as a breaking change since ...
```
